# Earnings and Legal Disclaimers

Earnings and income representations made by Daniel Lim, deardanielim.info, Profound Ideation Inc., MCIE, Memberclouds, International Entrepreneurs, Prondisty, Profound Social Media Marketing Agency, HolographicSEO, MobileMarkham, MobileGTA, BioProFitness, SocialGTA, LocalGTA, Crypto Markham, Battleford Corp. Access on Toronto, and their advertisers/sponsors (collectively, "Daniel Lim Projects") are only aspirational statements of your potential earnings. 

The success of Daniel Lim, testimonials and other examples used are exceptional, non-typical results and are not intended to be and are not a guarantee that you or others will achieve the same results. Individual results will always vary and yours will depend entirely on your individual capacity, work ethic, business skills and experience, level of motivation, diligence in applying the Daniel Lim Projects, the economy, the normal and unforeseen risks of doing business, and other factors.

The Daniel Lim Projects, and Daniel Lim individually, are not responsible for your actions. You are solely responsible for your own moves and decisions and the evaluation and use of our products and services should be based on your own due diligence. You agree that the Daniel Lim Projects are not liable to you in any way for your results in using our products and services. See our Terms & Conditions for our full disclaimer of liability and other restrictions.

The Daniel Lim Projects, including Daniel Lim personally, may receive compensation for products and services they recommend to you. Daniel Lim personally uses a recommended resource unless it states otherwise. If you do not want the Daniel Lim Projects and Daniel Lim to be compensated for a recommendation, then we advise that you search online for the item through a non-affiliate link.

Do you have questions about any of the Daniel Lim Projects? Are you wondering if the Projects will work for you? Give us a call at 800-604-2587. We will be happy to discuss your goals and how the Daniel Lim Projects may help you. 